{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Hello all, we are Trent and Sara. We are on our second annual roadtrip in the van. After falling in love with the concept of parkrun last year when we saw a sign in a park in Portland, VIC, I (Sara) decided to sign. So, I printed off my barcode, got it laminated and got running! So, after running a few in Victoria and New South Wales last year, I knew I had to get my partner in crime involved and comit to doing them together this year. We began our trip in Adelaide, hitting the road on Tuesday September 24th. \
\
Parkruns are free 5k runs, with locations all around the globe, where people of all ages and abilities gather every Saturday morning to start the weekend off right. Each event is powered by volunteers. \
25th October 2018, Warrnambool, VIC\
\
17th November, 2018, Shellharbour, NSW\
\
1st December, 2018, Stockton, NSW\
\

\f1\b 8th December, 2018, Fingal Bay, NSW\
\
21 September, 2019 JUBILEE WAY, SA \
Actual Temp: 14/10\'b0\

\f0\b0 \cf2 Out and back course alongside a creek and up and around the dam. The start and finish is close to the main car park. Toilets and off street car parking is available at the start/finish line for 100 cars. There is also plenty of parking in the side streets and along Jubilee Way.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 people:189\
sara: 55th place, 13th female, 2nd in age category W25-29, time 28:31\
trent: 51st place, 40th male, 2nd in age category m25-29, time 27:47\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f1\b 28th September, 2019 MENINGIE, SA\
Actual Temp: 14\'b0/4\'b0
\f0\b0 \
SATURDAYS are for Parkrun! We couldn't have picked a better parkrun to start our roadtrip. With a total of 7 runners, including ourselves, we found this community so welcoming and excited to have visitors. \
It was quite the chilly morning, but we were lucky enough to have full sun beaming down. This trail followed a cemented bike/walking path along Lake Albert with the start and finish on the grass of XYZ Park.  \
The group invited us out for coffee after the run, where we got heaps and heaps of recommendations of where to visit as we left their cute little town. \
\cf2 This is a 2.5 lap course on a concrete path alongside Lake Albert and in the park, on flat ground. The start and finish is near the \'91Big Pelican\'92 statue and the playground in the Lions Park. Street parking availible. Toilet facilities, water and a playground area are located at the start/finish line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 people: 7\
sara: 3rd place, 2nd female, 1st in age category, time 26:11\
trent: 1st place, 1st male, 1st age category, time 24:04\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 5th October, 2019 PORT FAIRY, VIC\
Actual Temp 13\'b0/10\'b0\

\f0\b0 We bundled up in jackets and beanies for this cold morning run- meanwhile the locals were in shorts and tank tops.  Another small parkrun, with XYZ participants. \
\cf2 This is a 3 x lap course around a man-made wetland (Russell Clark Reserve). Running counter-clockwise, there are a couple of small inclines to contend with. Also some small grass sections to run across. Most of the course is run on an asphalt surface. Part of the course takes in views of Port Fairy\'92s south beach. Small carpark, or park along the ocean. Toilets located at the start/finish area\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 people:23
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 sara: 12th place, 3rd female, 1st in age category, time 28:24
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 trent: 11th place, 9th male, 1st age cat, time 28:24
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
12th October, 2019 TRARALGON, VIC\
Actual Temp 17\'b0/10\'b0\

\f0\b0 \cf2 This is a two lap, out and back course, starting near the footbridge from the tennis courts, heading North along the footpath and following Traralgon Creek to the turnaround point on the path near Waterford Court. Then head back to the starting point, turn and complete a second lap, finishers will continue past the start and turnaround point for another 40 metres to the finish line. There is a toilet block approximately 300 metres from the start, located near the netball courts off Breed Street. There is a water fountain near the netball clubhouse approximately 150 metres from the start.
\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 people: 110
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 sara: 19th place, 4th female, 2nd age cat, time 25:39
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 trent: 20th place, 16th male, 2nd age cat, time 25:40
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
19th October, 2019 TUGGERANONG, ACT\
Actual Temp 19\'b0/9\'b0\

\f0\b0 \cf2 The course starts at Tuggeranong Town Park and follows the bike path south-east along the Lake Tuggeranong foreshore, underneath the Soward Way bridge, across the footbridge and then north-west along the foreshore, underneath the bridge and along to the turn around. Return along the same route to the finish at Tuggeranong Town Park. Facilities at Tuggeranong Town Park include: children's play equipment, BarbequeS, Drinks fountains, Plenty of parking, Public Toilets, Sandy beach\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 people: 320
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 sara: 65th place, 13th female, 4th age cat, time 24:58
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 trent: 55th place, 44th male, 6th age cat, time 24:21
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
26th October, 2019 NORTH WOLLONGONG, NSW\
Actual Temp 32\'b0/20\'b0\

\f0\b0 \cf2 Out and back course on a mixture of grass, bike track and trail through the Puckey\'92s Estate Trail, then following the perimeter of Stuart Park. There are toilets located at the start line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 people: 239
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 sara: 64th place, 12th female, 2nd age cat, time 25:13
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 trent: 55th place, 46th male, 8th age cat, time 24:54
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
2nd November, 2019 THE BEACHES, NSW\
Actual Temp 22\'b0/18\'b0
\f0\b0 \
\cf2 This is a 2 lap course starting at Bar beach (Cooks Hill surf club) heading towards Merewether and back again.\
The course is run entirely on sand on the foreshore. Being located on the foreshore the course is subject to normal beach hazards. Although infrequent, these hazards may include: submerged rocks, bluebottles, large unexpected waves, flash rips, sand gutters, hazardous surf conditions and shallow water crossings. Beach safety advice can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.beachsafe.org.au"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 www.beachsafe.org.au}} including specific information about Bar, Dixon and Merewether Beaches. Unfortunately this course isn\'92t dog or pram friendly. Course start is outside Cooks Hill surf club where toilets, food etc. are available.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 People: 77\
Sara: 22nd place, 3rd female, 1st age cat, time 27:34\
Trent 19th place, 17th male, 3rd age cat, time 27:03\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 9th November, 2019 FINGAL BAY, NSW - Sara Volunteer\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 total runners: 125\
Sara: 58th place, 16th female, 2nd age cat, time 30:01 (30 min pacer)\
Trent: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 23rd November, 2019 FORSTER, NSW\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 number of participants: 119\
Sara: 22nd place, 2nd female, 1st age cat, time: 25:31\
Trent:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 30th November, 2019 MAIN BEACH, QLD\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 people: 262\
Sara: 61st place, 14th female, 3rd age cat, time: 25:54\
Trent\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 7th December, 2019 BOWRAL, NSW\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 people: 66\
Sara: 21st place, 5th female, 3rd age cat\
\
14th December, 2019, Largs Bays, SA\
\
21st December, 2019, Carisbrooke, SA\
 \
25th December, 2019, Mawson Lakes, SA\
\
28th December, 2019, Stebonheath, SA\
\
1st January 2020, West Beach & Seacliff SA\
\
11th January 2020, Torrens SA\
\
18th January, 2020, Lochiel, SA\
\
25th January, 2020, Mt Barker, SA\
\
1st February 2020, Nuriootpa, SA - Volunteer\
\
7th February 2020, Nuriootpa, SA\
\
14th February 2020, Gawler, SA\
\
29th February, 2020, Nuriootpa, SA - Leap Year, Only Sara\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 14th March 2020, Charleston, 2020\
\
To ease back into #vanlife, we spent our first 2 nights with Trent's grandparents in Victor Harbor, where we had our own bedroom and daily showers! We joined Nana Sonia and Papa Peter on their morning (2 hour) stroll to the bluff- beautiful coastline walk up to some amazing views with a turnaround down on the beach. \
\
On Friday we visited Monarto Safari Park and got VIP treatment from our friend Hayley, the chimpanzee keeper. We caught a bus (yes, this place is massive XYZ acres) and toured around, checking out the giraffes, Tazmanian devils, zebras, and the ever amazing lions!! Hayley met up with us and took us over to the Hyenas, where we got to give them little scratches. They really are like big cuddley dogs. \
After this, we drove on over to the Chimpanzee area. we got to go inside where the monkeys were seeking shelter from the cold, some even curled up with blankets, lol. We got up close and personal with a couple of the social guys who wanted to come around for a cup of tea. After our little VIP sesh, Hayley gave a talk on all things chimpanzee. \
\
\
}